Oh, Qiao Qingyu.
Seeing you reminds me of something.
A few days ago, I saw Ming Sheng
getting out of a cab with a girl.
Was it you?
Was she staying
at Ming Sheng's grandpa's?
They're quite close.
Don't make things up.
She was staying
with our distant relative.
So just mind
your own business.
I'm not making things up.
I remember clearly
what she was wearing that day.
She...
Mom, you're back.
Let's go home.
Come on.
Why are you back too?
Get me some water.
I forgot to bring my cleats.
The teacher wouldn't let me
join the class,
so I had to come back and fetch them.
You're always so forgetful.
Make sure
you haven't left anything behind
so you don't have to
keep running back and forth.
I'll leave the keys here.
I'm heading back to the noodle house.
Remember to lock the door
from the outside.
All right, Mom.
Bring me the keys later.
Okay.
[If you turn around,
I'll always be there.]
Jinyu.
What?
Do me a favor.
I need to go out.
Where are you going?
Mom won't spare me if she finds out.
I need to see Ming Sheng.
Qingyu,
what has happened
between you and Ming Sheng?
The owner of the grocery downstairs
has been coming
to the noodle house
and keeping gossiping to Mom
about you and Ming Sheng.
Ignore her.
If she comes again, drive her away.
If we get on her nerves,
won't she
go around insulting us?
Mom said
the leases for both the noodle house
and this apartment are for one year.
When September comes,
we'll move out.
Next year,
when you graduate,
you'll be studying elsewhere.
I'll be staying here in Huanzhou
to finish my studies.
Mom and Dad will move back to Shunyun.
It'll help them out a lot financially.
What happened
between you and Ming Sheng?
Nothing.
Then why were you at his place?
It's hard to explain.
But I must see him today,
and I won't have anything to do
with him after this.
Well, you make me do this.
Since you didn't
make a fuss about me taking something
from the drawer last time,
I will do you
this favor.
But if you want to see Ming Sheng,
you need to tell him first.
I have to send the keys back to Mom.
We only have
two hours tops.
That's more than enough.
I'm going to the internet cafe
to text him.
Are you sure he'll come?
I hope so.
[Episode 15]
[Meet You At the Tree]
[Qingyu: Meet you at the tree. Now.]
You ruined my leaf.
This isn't yours.
This is my tree.
Actually, the tree can talk.
It's saying...
I shouldn't have
lost my temper with you yesterday.
Sorry.
I heard your mom's been keeping
a close eye on you.
Didn't expect you'd get out so soon.
My mom says if you keep coming to me,
she'll set your house on fire.
She's not joking.
But I think it's kind of funny.
She acted like there was
really something between us.
If it weren't for your mom,
I wouldn't know
I mattered so much to you.
Don't talk nonsense.
I'm not.
Since you've read the note
and asked to meet me,
shouldn't you explain
why you left without a word?
What makes you think
I'd choose you over my family?
You're more eager to leave home
than I am.
This is only a game to you.
You're right.
I'm willing to risk my future
and everything for this game.
I asked to meet you today
because there are some things
I want to tell you in person.
I appreciate everything
you've done for me,
but there's never been anything
between us,
and there never will be.
I don't understand.
There's no future for us.
What do you mean?
After graduation, you'll be overseas,
and I'll stay here.
Our lives have always been going
in different directions.
It's just how it is.
You have your future,
and I won't stand in your way.
I managed to help you
even when I was abroad, didn't I?
When you were at the station
during the Chinese New Year,
you were burning up.
Wasn't I the one who came fetch you?
I'll decide what my future is.
But I'm not like you.
The moment I was taken back,
I lost.
I can't hurt my family again,
and I can't run away from home
a second time.
Just ignore me
or treat me as someone you dislike,
like you did last term.
I didn't ignore you
or dislikef you.
But my life would've been much easier
without you.
You're a burden to me.
I've hated you from the beginning.
I thought you were egoistic
and arrogant.
You walked over me as you like.
Even though my life is terrible enough,
we don't belong in the same world.
Qiao Qingyu.
I never meant to hurt you.
I'm sorry.
It's fine
if you don't accept my apology.
But could you please
not hate me?
I hate you.
Qiao Qingyu.
I used to think we had a lot in common.
However,
I was wrong.
What would you choose?
I'd choose freedom.
Why would one live
without freedom?
Qiao Qingyu.
Are we still friends?
It's fine. Never mind.
Ming Sheng.
I'm very grateful to you
for everything you did.
It's pointless
to say that now.
Just go.
♪Turns out that what's on your mind♪
♪Is a place♪
♪Where the same story is held dear♪
♪Fortunately, I'm not sensible enough♪
♪Courage wasn't late too♪
♪Only then does time
not betray our acquaintance♪
Every choice in life
is a battle with oneself.
The worst feeling
isn't when others deny you
but when you doubt yourself.
The world of my inner self
suddenly collapses.
I feel that I've never
truly connected with this world.
Everything around me is in chaos,
like I'm surrounded by a thick fog.
Even though my body grows as it should,
my soul feels lost.
[Huanzhou High School Grade 2, Class 5.
Monthly Test Results]
Guan Lan,
I'm only one point
and one rank behind you in class,
but in the whole grade,
I'm 20 spots behind you.
Now I understand what Sun meant
about how much difference
one point can make in NCEE.
Coming through.
Why are you so excited, Ye Zilin?
You're always at the bottom of the list.
I'm checking for Sheng.
Well done. 14th place.
Full marks in Biology and Physics.
What has happened to Ming Sheng?
Why didn't he turn in
blank answer sheets this time?
He's either scoring zero
or perfect scores in papers.
That's a real skill, you know?
Oh, Qiao Qingyu is the 13th.
13 and 14.
Doesn't that mean
they will always be together?
Tsk.
Sheng, look at this.
Is it funny?
Is it not?
Not funny?
Be together.
Not really.
Qingyu.
Mr. Sun.
Mr. Pan told me
about your essay.
I never imagined
a quiet girl like you
would have such a secret.
To be frank,
I went through something similar.
I suddenly realized
those generally accepted values
and principles in life
weren't right.
It made me uncomfortable
because I wasn't sure
whether the problem was with me
or the world.
But later, I began to understand
these rules aren't written in stone.
It all depends.
For example, hiding the truth
isn't necessarily wrong.
It depends on the reason behind it.
I think the best way to grow
is to face life
with restraint and gentleness.
The things that once brought you pain
will fade
with time.
We experience so much
and meet so many people
every day.
They're beyond
our prediction or control.
Don't struggle
but face it all with a smile.
[Psychological Health]
The school has invited
[Education and Counseling Center]
Dr. Le Fan from the provincial hospital
for counseling sessions.
You can talk to her
about your thoughts.
She's professional.
Anyway, the school and teachers hope
you'll overcome your problem.
I'm sorry.
It's all right.
Come to me
whenever you're ready.
I can't open up to Dr. Le Fan.
I've got a lot on my mind,
and they're all ugly.
To be honest, I have trouble sleeping.
Is it because of
your parents quarreling?
I don't know
for how long I can go on like this.
Mumu,
once NCEE is over and you leave home,
everything will get better.
But
what about my mom?
What should my mom do?
Yes, I can leave home,
but I'm always their child,
and they're always my parents.
I can leave them and live alone,
but our entangled relationship
will still go on forever.
I can never get rid of it.
Qingyu, that's why
I envy you.
You can endure,
and you're brave enough to leave.
There's light in your heart,
so you're fearless against darkness.
It's not like that, Mumu.
The light inside me was almost gone.
Luckily, I have you.
You saved me.
This is what everyone says about me.
I'm kind,
considerate,
and gentle
as a spring breeze.
Don't you like that?
I don't have much feeling about that.
I just think
that the path ahead of me
feels so dark.
I can't find the light.
Qingyu, that's why
I envy your courage.
At least you can do
what you want to do.
There will be a light for you.
Let's play basketball, rookie.
Sheng isn't here.
Deng Meixi got stuck
on a biology question,
so she and Sheng
went to the library to study.
In the library?
Ming Sheng is something else.
All right.
Next time, then.
Let's go.
Take your things.
Sheng's meeting someone
for karaoke this afternoon.
The prettiest girl
from No. 1 High School?
Let's go.
My buddy tried so many times
to ask her out but failed.
Don't Sheng and the prettiest girl
make an impressive combo?
Are we witnessing a historical moment?
Hurry up. You're never
this expressive in your essays.
Quick.
Are you all right?
It's broken again.
Your dad is unbelievable.
We keep fixing this thing
just to save the money.
Hey.
Isn't that the pretty chick from TV
a few days ago?
Yeah, right.
She's the one who messed up the wedding
mentioned in the forum.
She's pretty.
Let's take a look.
So pretty.
Well, well.
Isn't this
the sister of the prettiest girl
in Shunyun?
Yeah.
You must be mistaken.
How could I be mistaken, madam?
It's you. The owner
of Qiao's Noodle House.
We eat there all the time.
Look, what's happening over there?
How about we have this beauty
join us for a bowl of noodles?
Let go. What are you trying to do?
Isn't that Qiao Qingyu?
Ma'am,
young people like to make friends.
She's not making friends with you.
Let's leave.
What? Are we leaving just like this?
Gosh. How could you
get physical?
Why did you hit me?
Aren't you meeting the prettiest girl
of No.1 High School for karaoke?
What time are we going?
Sing your foot.
What?
Thank you.
We're not meeting her?
Then why did you call us here?
To eat instant noodles
and enjoy the view with you?
I even lied to my dad, saying I had
a study period this evening.
What a letdown.
Just eat.
Sheng.
Why did you pretend
not to know Qiao Qingyu
when you saw her?
Aren't you the kindest one
who always offers help?
Why? Did you fight with her?
Got it.
You're playing hard
to get, right?
Eat your food,
and keep quiet.
Fine, I'll eat.
[The famous Qiao Qingyu spotted.
Gorgeous in her bold outfit]
Here. Read this.
Qiao Qingyu?
"The famous Qiao Qingyu spotted.
Gorgeous in her bold outfit."
DM me for her pictures.
What's this?
Sheng!
Goodness.
This is horrible.
This looks like a crime scene.
Is this Qiao Qingyu's uniform?
Could something have really
happened to her?
Sheng!
Sheng.
Hey, Sheng.
It's just a picture.
Why are you so nervous?
Sheng.
Look.
Is that the one?
Calm down, Sheng.
Sheng...
We're sorry.
What's wrong with you?
- So sorry.
We're sorry.
Not him.
There are a few more
at the signboard of the internet cafe.
Calm down.
"It's you I'm after."
Then she came over and hit you.
What's wrong?
What's your problem?
We can talk this out.
Calm down.
Did you post
Qiao Qingyu's picture?
What does it have to do with you?
Did you post the picture?
Can you just talk properly?
Say it again.
Touch him again if you dare.
Why?
Say it again.
What's wrong?
Come.
Gosh. We're in the soup.
Bring it on.
The picture was edited.
But it's too convincing.
It's all flawed
when you take a closer look.
Here, Qiao Qingyu's face is taken
from the news.
The hair is another layer,
and the background is faked.
[The famous Qiao Qingyu spotted.
Gorgeous in her bold outfit.]
Ye Zilin,
you...
You can't blame me for that.
I didn't even
get to click on the picture
before you ran off.
Don't be mad. It's clear now.
They didn't even get
to touch Qiao Qingyu.
Her mom
scared them off.
It only makes sense
if her mom beat them up.
Now I see why Qiao Qingyu
is so afraid of her mom.
She's tough.
The police arrived quickly, thankfully.
Otherwise, I wouldn't have been able
to handle so many of them
if a fight broke out.
You got so worked up
over a picture.
That's not like you.
Childish.
That's enough.
Can we drop this?
Fine.
Anyway,
the three of us just went through
a life-and-death experience together.
Heh heh.
Good.
But this is serious.
The school will find out.
Both of us are fine,
but you better figure out
how to explain this to your dad.
There's certainly no infection.
But just in case,
so that people
won't keep talking about it.
They're driving me crazy.
Qingyu.
Qingyu?
Let's go to the hospital
tomorrow morning
to get a blood test.
Qingyu has a math test tomorrow.
Missing one test
won't affect her admission.
The school does medical checkups
every term, so there's no need for that.
Don't you get what I'm saying?
The blood test
will put everyone's mind at ease.
If not, they won't stop gossiping.
We've done nothing wrong,
why let them talk?
Just let them be.
At least we know we're clean.
You have no idea
how awful their words are.
They're saying our whole family is sick.
If people see you at the hospital,
won't the rumors just get worse?
You can come, too.
Mom, I'll go.
A blood test is nothing.
It'll be quick.
I'll head straight to school afterward.
Your mom is fast asleep.
She's been like this.
Either she can't sleep,
or can't wake up when she falls asleep.
Well, it's normal when one gets older.
I'll sleep here tonight
so I won't wake her up.
I thought
we got over this.
Somehow, it was brought up again.
Actually,
I didn't want to argue with your mom.
After all, you're sitting for NCEE soon.
Sometimes, when I think about it,
your mom and I are doing quite well.
When we got married,
most people had arranged marriages,
but your mom and I
married for love.
But I don't know
how life turned out this way.
Stop drinking, Dad.
Qingyu, I'm not ashamed
to tell you this.
I'm supposed
to be
the pillar of my family,
but
I often fail.
You guys continue. Take over for me.
Aren't you going to tell Qiao Qingyu
about what happened yesterday?
It has nothing to do with her.
Sheng, your dad is here.
He's in Sun's office.
Too many times, isn't it?
Oh, my.
It seems quite serious.
Sun is scolding your dad so badly.
I asked to meet you
several times, but...
Look at how Sun's talking to your dad.
He's going to chew you out tonight.
You're in for it, Sheng.
Sheng.
Ah, I see you.
Hello.
How's it? Is the signal okay?
It's all right.
The screen isn't lagging.
The performance just ended.
It was a great success.
During the curtain call,
the applause went on
for four or five minutes.
Do you know how thrilled I was?
Oh, by the way,
my fans gave me this.
Mom,
congratulations. Keep up the good work.
Thank you.
You've been drinking this
since you were a kid.
You're quite loyal to it.
What about you? How's everything?
I'm fine.
Today at school,
I made Dr. Ming mad again.
It's a small accomplishment.
Sheng...
Mom, don't persuade me.
I just want to make him angry.
I will never
do as he says.
You've grown up.
We can talk
like adults.
Will you listen to me?
Hmm.
I don't want
you and your dad to be hostile
against each other.
I understand his feelings for you.
He just doesn't know
how to express them.
You can
talk with an open heart
like we do.
It's good for both of you. All right?
Give me a second.
There's something
I've kept inside for over ten years.
I want to tell you now.
Back then...
I was the one who left your dad.
Back then, he was
completely focused on his work.
We quarreled a lot.
I thought if this continued,
it would hurt both of us.
Hence, I insisted on leaving.
Back then,
I was headstrong
and impulsive.
I insisted on taking you with me.
Your grandpa disagreed.
He was right, though.
I was alone in France with no support.
I could barely feed myself.
How could I provide you
with a normal life?
He wanted me to leave
without you.
I was selfish.
Due to that,
your relationship with your dad
ended up like this.
Also, because of my selfishness,
you've become so rebellious.
I don't expect you to forgive me.
I just want you to know the truth.
Sorry.
Yanqiu?
You're taking good care
of Dr. Chen's dog.
You have no idea
how struggled I was
when the dog first came here.
It only started to get on track
after a few days.
Oh, I brought you some fruits.
Thank you.
It's windy today.
Oh, really?
Is everything all right at home?
Yeah.
That's good.
The family of the patient
who passed away
has applied to identify
medical malpractice.
The mediation panel is working on it.
The results will be out in a few days.
Everyone has to
go through the cycle of life.
When they get sick,
they go to the hospital.
If they can't be cured,
it's the doctor's fault.
But doctors aren't miracle workers.
Doctors are treated as innocent targets
for people to vent their anger.
It's unfair to expect so much of them,
but they keep saving lives.
Hmm.
Perhaps this is
what makes our profession
great and sacred.
Everyone
has their own perspective.
They only stand in their own perspective
when assessing a problem.
During this period of time,
I've calmed myself and thought a lot.
About those problems in my life,
I started trying
to see things in the shoes of patients
or even
of my son.
Suddenly,
I understood
why they were so resentful.
When I truly understood them,
my problems
have been resolved as well.
No matter what the result is,
I believe in you.
Don't make it sound so miserable.
It's not that bad.
Even if I can't do surgery anymore,
there are still other things
I can do.
I believe in fairness and justice,
and you.
Enough about me. Let's talk about you.
How are you doing lately?
I...
Madam Zhang
set you up on a blind date, didn't she?
I guess you like him, right?
Yeah, everything goes well.
Good.
I'm warning you.
Don't you dare stare at me!
Chill out.
Are you trying to ruin me?
Please hear me out. Let go.
Talk to us if you want.
I'm your dad.
How dare you call the police on me?
This is a residential area.
Don't make noise here.
Don't arrest me. I must scold her!
I've raised you,
and this is how you treat me?
Please cooperate with us.
Get in the car.
I regret having you!
Please cooperate with us.
Mumu.
Yesterday, I was the one
who called the police.
I wanted to help Mom.
I wanted to be brave for once, like you,
and do something.
The police came
and asked Mom if she wanted to pursue
Dad's responsibility.
She said no without a second thought.
After the police left,
Dad got even angrier
and trashed the house.
Mom said it was my fault
and blamed me for trying to send my dad
to the police station.
I didn't sleep a wink last night.
It's so obvious who's in the wrong.
Is there really no place
to find justice?
The police said
that if it happens again,
we can't let it go.
We need to call them immediately
and seek legal support.
I hate my dad.
I hate that all he does
is hurt me and my mom.
But now,
I hate myself even more.
♪Perhaps♪
♪The more we care,
the more careful we become♪
♪Counting the distance
that separates us♪
♪A single step,
and we'd be closer still♪
♪In the future♪
♪Time will reveal this secret♪
♪Waiting is a silent promise♪
♪That never expires♪
♪Turns out that what's on my mind♪
♪Is your name♪
♪The only stubbornness in my heart♪
♪At first sight♪
♪The future has been determined♪
♪Dreams began to feel real♪
♪Turns out that what's on your mind♪
♪Is a place♪
♪Where the same story is held dear♪
♪Fortunately, I'm not sensible enough♪
♪Courage wasn't late too♪
♪Only then does time not betray
our acquaintance♪